  # Courier Management System

The Courier Management System is a simple project that helps a courier company or businesses manage their customers parcel details. The system stores all the branches or the company that can be also use when setting a destination where can recipient pickup their packages or parcels. The system has tracking feature where can help to monitor the movement of the customer's parcel. The system has 2 types of user which is the Admin user and the Branch Staff user. The Admin user can manage all the data in the system including managing the branches and branches staff user. The Branch user can only track.a parcel and manage the list of parcels where the origin or the destination of a parcel under the logged in staff branch. The couriered items has multiple statuses which are the "Item Accepted by Courier", "Collected", "Shipped", "InTransit","Arrived At Destination", "Out for Delivery", "Ready to Pickup", "Delivered", "Picked-up", and "Unsuccessfull Delivery Attempt". This statuses will help to determine the parcels movement. The system also generates a report between two dates and selected status. The couriered items of the clients can be set into "Deliver" and "Pickup". The parcels that marked as deliver are the items to be deliver directly to the recipient while the pickup will be delivered to the branch of the company near to the recipient address. The system admin or staff user can store or adds a multiple items at the same time but these items will be stored in the database separately because each package has a different reference number or different tracking number. 
